
Policy for Papers Conducting Experiments and Collecting Primary Data
====================================================================

For experimental papers and papers that collect primary data via
surveys, additional rules apply. We normally expect authors of such
articles to supply the following supplementary materials, in addition to
the materials required by the standard [Data and Code Availability
Policy](dcap2020.md). Any exceptions to this policy
should be requested at the time of submission.

####  Original Instructions

The original instructions for the experiment or survey should be
summarized in the submitted manuscript as part of the discussion of the
experimental or survey design and should be provided in full as an
appendix at the time of submission. Instructions should convey the
protocol clearly enough that the design could be replicated by a
reasonably skilled experimentalist or survey specialist.

#### Subject Selection

Information about subject eligibility or selection, such as exclusions
based on past participation in experiments, college major, demographic
characteristics, etc., should be summarized as part of the discussion of
design in the submitted manuscript.

#### Software and Scripts

Any computer programs, configuration files, or scripts used to run the
experiment or develop the survey instrument, e.g.,
[z-Tree](https://www.ztree.uzh.ch/en.html) code,
[Qualtrics](https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/survey-module/survey-tools/import-and-export-surveys/),
and [LimeSurvey](https://www.limesurvey.org/), shall be provided. These
should be summarized as appropriate in the submitted manuscript and
deposited in the [AEA Data and Code
Repository](https://www.openicpsr.org/openicpsr/aea). All requirements
noted in the [AEA Data and Code Availability
Policy](dcap2020.md) for programs apply.

Where appropriate, human-readable versions of the experiment or
instrument (PDF of questionnaire) shall also be provided.

#### Raw Data

The raw data from the experiment or survey should be summarized as
appropriate in the submitted manuscript and deposited in the AEA Data
and Code Repository, compliant with any confidentiality protections that
apply.

We strongly suggest that the deposit separates the raw data and
instructions from other replication materials, in order to provide
greater visibility to the author\'s work.

#### Analysis Programs

All requirements for final and intermediate data files, as well as
cleaning and analysis programs, as per the general [Data and Code
Availability Policy](dcap2020.md), continue to
apply.